1. What, if any, emotions arose at each part of the experience?
    Kaitlyn - Contemplating what I'd say to my younger self, confusion reading the letter.
    Christina - Thinking about life, felt affection for younger self, wishing my younger self could know this, very emotional and nostalgic, thinking abt college and memories both good and bad, question let think back, contemplate.

2. Do you like that responses from participants before you will be in the letter you read, or would you find it more enjoyable/useful/comfortable if it were only your responses that you'd read and be able to add to whenever you'd like?
    Kaitlyn - Cool to see other ppl's responses, though their responses may not fit the syntax or vibe you're expecting. The idea of separate letters, or sticky notes.
    Chritsina - Kinda likes seeing other ppl's responses, shows how human we are, the struggles we all have, no one's life is perfect and we all have things we wish we'd known in the past. Nice to know we have similar struggles. A glimpse into how connected we are.

3. Did you feel the prompt encouraged the kind of response you'd like to read in the letter, or was it perhaps too vague/specific?
    Kaitlyn - A little vague, though a good activity.
    Christina - Is pretty broad but enables a variety of things to say, could feel like too much, but is part of the beauty, felt it was perfect.

4. What do you think could be improved about the visual design of the prompt page?
    Kaitlyn - (no time)
    Christina - Long answer questions have larger input spaces to see earlier. Doesn't feel graphics are necessary but could add a letter theme. The surprise works but is a bit confusing, especially with previous responses being there. Adding a line between each response to make it clearer, adding multiple letters to prevent getting too long. Or changing the prompt if wanting to make that clearer.

5. What do you think could be improved about the visual design of the letter page?
    Kaitlyn - (no time)
    Christina - Simple designs are nostalgic, make it easier to find my answer, likes the flower. Could make the previous messages a toggle function. Sticky notes or more scrapbook-like.